docs(alert): clarify remote rule evaluation (#14481)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/alert/_index.md

The local implementation reads the rule files off of the local filesystem. This is a read-only backend that does not support the creation and deletion of rules through the [Ruler API](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/reference/loki-http-api#ruler). Despite the fact that it reads the local filesystem this method can still be used in a sharded Ruler configuration if the operator takes care to load the same rules to every Ruler. For instance, this could be accomplished by mounting a [Kubernetes ConfigMap](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/) onto every Ruler pod.

A typical local configuration might look something like:

```
  -ruler.storage.type=local
  -ruler.storage.local.directory=/tmp/loki/rules
```

With the above configuration, the Ruler would expect the following layout:

```
/tmp/loki/rules/<tenant id>/rules1.yaml
                           /rules2.yaml
```

Yaml files are expected to be [Prometheus-compatible](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/) but include LogQL expressions as specified in the beginning of this doc.

## Remote rule evaluation

> With larger deployments and complex rules, running a ruler in local evaluation mode brings problems where results could be inconsistent or incomplete compared to what you see in Grafana. The remote mode should be used to evaluate rules against the query frontend to solve this. A more detailed explanation can be found in [scalability documentation]({{< relref "../operations/scalability.md#remote-rule-evaluation" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With larger deployments and complex rules, running a ruler in local evaluation mode causes problems where results could be inconsistent or incomplete compared to what you see in Grafana. To solve this, use the remote evaluation mode to evaluate rules against the query frontend. A more detailed explanation can be found in [scalability documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/operations/scalability/#remote-rule-evaluation).
```
